It's not Chu, are you mistaken?
You asked me to come on stage and say this?
That's right, as a descendant of Wan Family, you chant the scriptures
Walk is built by family
What's more, this time you humiliated the young master in every possible way
I follow the orders of the master
The world is on the offensive today
Drive all calamities away
What young master
I didn't insult the young master
I'm not innocent.
The shit you did
Do you still need me to tell you one by one?
You hang around all day
It's difficult to deceive, Wanjia can't tolerate it as soon as possible
Do you dare to mess around again?
end with you
Boy, don't bluff here
Wan Shao is punished for doing something wrong
What does it have to do with me?
Then if I say
What you did today makes me very unhappy.
Haha, I made you unhappy, I'll tell you.
Just like you
I'll kill you!
It's as simple as crushing an ant
You blame me
Who are you calling trash?